fix: remove mutation of `rootRedoclyConfigSchema` constant (#2496)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/loud-days-turn.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
---

> Removed mutation of the rootRedoclyConfigSchema constant to prevent side effects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed mutation of the `rootRedoclyConfigSchema` constant to prevent unintended behavior.
```

> Removed mutation of the `rootRedoclyConfigSchema` constant to prevent unintended behavior.

Reviewer: This information probably can stay internal (do not release it).
